
-----------index.html--------------
(added/changed)


About   Seattle    San Diego    San Francisco    Gallery    Weather


CAROUSEL

Panoramic View
Seattle

Panoramic View
San Diego

Panoramic View
San Francisco


ARTICLE

St. Augustine:
"The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page."

THUMBNAILS

Seattle
Seattle, on Puget Sound in the Pacific Northwest, is surrounded by water, 
mountains and evergreen forests, and encompasses thousands of acres of parkland 
(hence its nickname, "Emerald City"). It's home to a thriving tech industry, with Microsoft 
and Amazon.com headquartered in its metropolitan area.

San Diego
San Diego is a city on the Pacific coast of California known for its beaches, 
parks and warm climate. Immense Balboa Park is the site of the world-famous 
San Diego Zoo, as well as numerous art galleries, artist studios, museums 
and gardens. A deep harbor is home to a large active naval fleet, with the 
USS Midway, an aircraft-carrier-turned-museum, open to the public.

San Francisco
San Francisco, in northern California, is a city on the tip of a peninsula 
surrounded by the Pacific Ocean and San Francisco Bay. It's known for its 
hilly landscape, year-round fog, iconic Golden Gate Bridge, cable cars and 
colorful Victorian houses. The Financial District's Transamerica Pyramid is 
its most distinctive skyscraper. In the bay sits Alcatraz Island, site of 
the notorious former prison.

FOOTER

© copyright 2015 Explore the greatest cities Bellevue, WA info@Explorethegreatestcities.com




-----------gallery.html--------------
(added)

Main page   Seattle    San Diego    San Francisco    Gallery    Weather


ARTICLE

Lao Tzu:
"A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step."

THUMBNAILS

Seattle / Olympic National Park
With nearly one million acres, Olympic encompasses several distinctly different 
ecosystems and protects a rich mosaic of natural and cultural history. Untamed rivers 
flow from glacier-capped peaks through valleys of old-growth forests, waves crash against 
a shoreline rich with life, and only trails traverse the vast interior of this internationally 
recognized wilderness. read more>

Seattle / Mount Rainier National Park
San Diego is a city on the Pacific coast of California known for its beaches, parks and warm 
climate. Immense Balboa Park is the site of the world-famous San Diego Zoo, as well as 
numerous art galleries, artist studios, museums and gardens. A deep harbor is home to a 
large active naval fleet, with the USS Midway, an aircraft-carrier-turned-museum, open to the 
public. read more>

San Diego / Balboa Park
This is just northeast of downtown, is one of the country's largest urban cultural parks. It is 
a great place to spend some free time: Botanic building, huge lily pond, the Old Globe Theater, 
and museums (including the Timken Museum of Art which is a great way to see masterpieces of art 
because there is no admission charge!). read more>

San Diego / La Jolla
This area has the most beautiful coastline in San Diego and is your best bet for an afternoon or 
day at the beach or exploring the coast. La Jolla Shores beach is all-round the nicest beach in 
the area with excellent swimming, changing rooms, easy parking, harmless leopard sharks during 
the summer, kayak and surf/SUP board rental shops one block away, etc. read more>

San Francisco / Half Moon Bay
Located approximately 35 minutes south of San Francisco in the Bay Area, this stunning slice of 
the Golden State boasts an unrivaled combination of coastal town friendliness, charm and natural 
beauty. From romantic inns and luxurious coastal resorts to budget-friendly brand hotels, Half 
Moon Bay's variety of lodging offers a perfect fit for everyone visiting Northern California & 
the SF Bay Area. read more>

San Francisco / Yosemite National Park
Not just a great valley, but a shrine to human foresight, the strength of granite, the power of 
glaciers, the persistence of life, and the tranquility of the High Sierra. First protected in 1864, 
Yosemite National Park is best known for its waterfalls, but within its nearly 1,200 square miles, 
you can find deep valleys, grand meadows, ancient giant sequoias, a vast wilderness area, and much 
more. read more>

FOOTER

© copyright 2015 Explore the greatest cities Bellevue, WA info@Explorethegreatestcities.com
